README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Juan!</h1>
<h3 align="center">
  <p> I am an economist and data scientist passionate about data analysis, visualization and quantitative methods. </p>
  <p> I also have experience as junior backend dev with Python (Django, Flask, FastAPI) </p>
</h3>

<p align="left"> <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=jjsantos01&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat" alt="jjsantos01" /> </p>

<p align="left"> <a href="https://twitter.com/jjsantoso" target="blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/jjsantoso?logo=twitter&style=for-the-badge" alt="jjsantoso" /></a> </p>

- 👨‍💻 Some of my projects are available at [my personal page](https://www.jjsantoso.com/proyectos)

-  💻 I like to publish my personal projects code in [Gist](https://gist.github.com/jjsantos01)

- 📝 Sometimes I write articles on [my blog](https://blog.jjsantoso.com/)

- 💬 Ask me about **Python, data wrangling, dataviz**

- 📄 Know about my experiences in my [CV](https://www.jjsantoso.com/cv)

### Latest blogs posts
<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:START -->
- [Conexión a cubos dinámicos de la DGIS de la Secretaría de Salud &lpar;México&rpar;](http://blog.jjsantoso.com/dgis-conexion/)
- [Simbología y mapas coropléticos con PyQGIS](http://blog.jjsantoso.com/pyqgis-mapa-coropletico/)
- [Integración de PyQGIS con Jupyter Lab usando Anaconda](http://blog.jjsantoso.com/pyqgis-anaconda/)
- [Introducción a PyQGIS &lpar;Python + QGIS&rpar;](http://blog.jjsantoso.com/intro-pyqgis/)
- [Mapas de puntos con Python](http://blog.jjsantoso.com/mapas-distribucion-puntos/)
<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:END -->

### StackOverflow Activity
<!-- STACKOVERFLOW:START -->
- [Answer by jjsantoso for will a plot shown in VS code run from AWS Studio Lab](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/76132342/will-a-plot-shown-in-vs-code-run-from-aws-studio-lab/76133143#76133143)
- [Answer by jjsantoso for Pandas data masking where the conditions come from other variables](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/75797073/pandas-data-masking-where-the-conditions-come-from-other-variables/75797265#75797265)
- [Answer by jjsantoso for Is there a way to return value &lpar;date&rpar; in dataframe from multiple column?](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/75479169/is-there-a-way-to-return-value-date-in-dataframe-from-multiple-column/75479608#75479608)
- [Answer by jjsantoso for for loop through multiple items based on a dataframe](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/75252625/for-loop-through-multiple-items-based-on-a-dataframe/75253082#75253082)
- [Answer by jjsantoso for How to adapt this python script to apt installed matplotlib vs pip3 installed](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/75252561/how-to-adapt-this-python-script-to-apt-installed-matplotlib-vs-pip3-installed/75252857#75252857)
<!-- STACKOVERFLOW:END -->

<h3 align="left">Connect with me:</h3>
<p align="left">
<a href="https://twitter.com/jjsantoso" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/twitter.svg" alt="jjsantoso" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/jsantosochoa" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/linked-in-alt.svg" alt="jsantosochoa" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://stackoverflow.com/users/7087491" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/stack-overflow.svg" alt="7087491" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="/https://blog.jjsantoso.com/feed.xml" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/rss.svg" alt="https://blog.jjsantoso.com/feed.xml" height="30" width="40" /></a>
</p>

<h3 align="left">Languages and Tools:</h3>
<p align="left"> <a href="https://www.djangoproject.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/django.svg" alt="django" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.docker.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/docker/docker-original-wordmark.svg" alt="docker" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://flask.palletsprojects.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/pocoo_flask/pocoo_flask-icon.svg" alt="flask" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://pandas.pydata.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/2ae2a900d2f041da66e950e4d48052658d850630/icons/pandas/pandas-original.svg" alt="pandas" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.python.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="python" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://rubyonrails.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/rails/rails-original-wordmark.svg" alt="rails" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/ruby/ruby-original.svg" alt="ruby" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://scikit-learn.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/05/Scikit_learn_logo_small.svg" alt="scikit_learn" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://seaborn.pydata.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://seaborn.pydata.org/_images/logo-mark-lightbg.svg" alt="seaborn" width="40" height="40"/> </a> </p>

<p><img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=jjsantos01&show_icons=true&locale=en&layout=compact" alt="jjsantos01" /></p>

Commit message:

Add list of resources for DS

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Juan!</h1>
<h3 align="center">
  <p> I am an economist and data scientist passionate about data analysis, visualization and quantitative methods. </p>
  <p> I also have experience as junior backend dev with Python (Django, Flask, FastAPI) </p>
</h3>

<p align="left"> <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=jjsantos01&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat" alt="jjsantos01" /> </p>

<p align="left"> <a href="https://twitter.com/jjsantoso" target="blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/jjsantoso?logo=twitter&style=for-the-badge" alt="jjsantoso" /></a> </p>

- 👨‍💻 Some of my projects are available at [my personal page](https://www.jjsantoso.com/proyectos)
-  💻 I like to publish my personal projects code in [Gist](https://gist.github.com/jjsantos01)
- 📝 Sometimes I write articles on [my blog](https://blog.jjsantoso.com/)
- 💬 Ask me about **Python, data wrangling, dataviz**
- 📄 Know about my experiences in my [CV](https://www.jjsantoso.com/cv)
- Read my list of [resources for data science and programming](https://jjsantos.notion.site/a9fa226b81fc405aae944282fd589bfe?v=8fa8b320b8ca4fddaf0e2df084e924f5&pvs=4)

### Latest blogs posts
<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:START -->
- [Conexión a cubos dinámicos de la DGIS de la Secretaría de Salud &lpar;México&rpar;](http://blog.jjsantoso.com/dgis-conexion/)
- [Simbología y mapas coropléticos con PyQGIS](http://blog.jjsantoso.com/pyqgis-mapa-coropletico/)
- [Integración de PyQGIS con Jupyter Lab usando Anaconda](http://blog.jjsantoso.com/pyqgis-anaconda/)
- [Introducción a PyQGIS &lpar;Python + QGIS&rpar;](http://blog.jjsantoso.com/intro-pyqgis/)
- [Mapas de puntos con Python](http://blog.jjsantoso.com/mapas-distribucion-puntos/)
<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:END -->

### StackOverflow Activity
<!-- STACKOVERFLOW:START -->
- [Answer by jjsantoso for will a plot shown in VS code run from AWS Studio Lab](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/76132342/will-a-plot-shown-in-vs-code-run-from-aws-studio-lab/76133143#76133143)
- [Answer by jjsantoso for Pandas data masking where the conditions come from other variables](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/75797073/pandas-data-masking-where-the-conditions-come-from-other-variables/75797265#75797265)
- [Answer by jjsantoso for Is there a way to return value &lpar;date&rpar; in dataframe from multiple column?](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/75479169/is-there-a-way-to-return-value-date-in-dataframe-from-multiple-column/75479608#75479608)
- [Answer by jjsantoso for for loop through multiple items based on a dataframe](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/75252625/for-loop-through-multiple-items-based-on-a-dataframe/75253082#75253082)
- [Answer by jjsantoso for How to adapt this python script to apt installed matplotlib vs pip3 installed](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/75252561/how-to-adapt-this-python-script-to-apt-installed-matplotlib-vs-pip3-installed/75252857#75252857)
<!-- STACKOVERFLOW:END -->

<h3 align="left">Connect with me:</h3>
<p align="left">
<a href="https://twitter.com/jjsantoso" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/twitter.svg" alt="jjsantoso" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/jsantosochoa" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/linked-in-alt.svg" alt="jsantosochoa" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://stackoverflow.com/users/7087491" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/stack-overflow.svg" alt="7087491" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="/https://blog.jjsantoso.com/feed.xml" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/rss.svg" alt="https://blog.jjsantoso.com/feed.xml" height="30" width="40" /></a>
</p>

<h3 align="left">Languages and Tools:</h3>
<p align="left"> <a href="https://www.djangoproject.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/django.svg" alt="django" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.docker.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/docker/docker-original-wordmark.svg" alt="docker" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://flask.palletsprojects.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/pocoo_flask/pocoo_flask-icon.svg" alt="flask" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://pandas.pydata.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/2ae2a900d2f041da66e950e4d48052658d850630/icons/pandas/pandas-original.svg" alt="pandas" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.python.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="python" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://rubyonrails.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/rails/rails-original-wordmark.svg" alt="rails" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/ruby/ruby-original.svg" alt="ruby" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://scikit-learn.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/05/Scikit_learn_logo_small.svg" alt="scikit_learn" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://seaborn.pydata.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://seaborn.pydata.org/_images/logo-mark-lightbg.svg" alt="seaborn" width="40" height="40"/> </a> </p>

<p><img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=jjsantos01&show_icons=true&locale=en&layout=compact" alt="jjsantos01" /></p>
